Add information about CodeQL bounties (#1)
infin8x/ql: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to CodeQL

We welcome (and reward) contributions to our standard library and queries. Learn more about the bounties offered for CodeQL queries at the [GitHub Security Lab](https://securitylab.github.com/bounties) site.

## Adding a new query

> If you would like to submit a CodeQL query to one of our [bounties](https://securitylab.github.com/bounties), you can open a pull request to add it to this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a query you would like to share with other CodeQL users please open a pull request to add it to this repository. We have a [bounty programme](https://securitylab.github.com/bounties) to reward particularly good queries. 
```
